docs: add information to reboot MSWindows computer before using tauri (#2710)
tauri-apps/tauri: docs/getting-started/setup-windows.md

Finally, you will need to install WebView2. The best way to do this is to download and run the Evergreen Bootstrapper from [this page](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/#download-section).

<Alert type="Note">

> We recommend you reboot your computer before using Tauri for everything to work perfectly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have problems of any kind after following these instructions, we recommend that you reboot your computer before developing a Tauri project to ensure that everything works as expected.
```
